Soft cheese, don't get burned
molten core, when will I learn
to heat it wellheat it well.
It's the onea baked recipe
though mostly, it's second to brie
It's best for mebest for me.
one, two, three, one, two, three, eat.one, two, three, one, two, three, eat.one, two, three, one, two, three, eat.
Having a snack, all that good cheese.
I'm going to have some Camembert,have some Camembert.
I'll have Chardonay, a wine with which to paira wine with which to pair.
I'm gonna dine like the French at their height
Bourgeoisie 'til I die.
I'm going to have some Camembert,have some Camembert.
It's the best cheese of my life
Cannot frown, cannot show my surprise.
Take some more 'til the trays getting light.
Cuz I'm finishing it all tonight.
It's the best cheese of my life
Cannot frown cannot show my surprise
Take some more 'til the trays getting light.
Cuz I'm finishing it all tonight.It all tonight.